We have a fully assembled scaffold HTML file, so now all we have to do is start scaffold up.
Fortunately to start up scaffold, you're really just have to remember exactly one command.
Back at my terminal, I'm inside of my root project directory of blog and so I should see the scaffold
HTML file right there to start up scaffold.
We will run scaffold.
Dev.
That's it.
So I'm going to run that command and we're going to see a tremendous amount of output start to scroll
by.
You might start to see warnings or something like that.
You might see stuff that says not found.
You might see stuff that says, Hey, you've got uncommitted changes.
You see anything like that, do not sweat it.
The first time you try to run scaffold, it's going to probably try to just rebuild all of your images,
even though we've already built them once already.
If it's trying to rebuild images, don't sweat it.
Just let it do its thing.
This entire initial setup process is probably going to take a good couple of minutes because we're essentially
talking about building six different images here.
So I'm going to go ahead and just pause this video right now.
When we come back to the next video, we'll take a look at what happens when scaffold finishes the startup
process.